µÁ”∞£∫
1£∫Blackhat 2015
A furloughed convict and his American and Chinese partners hunt a high-level cybercrime 
network from Chicago to Los Angeles to Hong Kong to Jakarta. 
2£∫Who am I 2014
Benjamin, a young German computer whiz, is invited to join a subversive hacker group 
that wants to be noticed on the world's stage. 
3£∫The Fifth Estate 2013
A dramatic thriller based on real events that reveals the quest to expose the deceptions and 
corruptions of power that turned an Internet upstart into the 21st century's most fiercely 
debated organization. 
4£∫Cybergeddon 2012
"The real target in war is the mind of the enemy commander, not the bodies of his troops." 
- Captain Sir Basil Liddell Hart, Thoughts on War, 1944. Cyberwarfare, cybercrime, and ... 
5£∫TRON:Legacy 2010
The son of a virtual world designer goes looking for his father and ends up inside the digital 
world that his father designed. He meets his father's corrupted creation and a unique ally 
who was born inside the digital world. 
6£∫Firewall 2006
A security specialist is forced into robbing the bank that he's protecting, as a bid to pay off 
his family's ransom. 



 ÈºÆ£∫
1£∫Wuthering Heights
Wuthering Heights is "powered by more psychological energy than any book ever written". 
Readers admire Wuthering Heights because of "its layered narrative structure, because it is 
a work of incredible imagination, and because it is far more than a love story. The story shows 
"the eternal rocks beneath" our fleeting desires.
2£∫The Pigeon Tunnel 
The master of espionage fiction offers a memoir of sorts, a series of meticulously crafted, 
witty and enthralling "stories from my life". He describes the childhood deceptions and losses 
that launched him, his schooling in Switzerland, where he made his first "infant steps for British 
Intelligence, delivering I knew not what to I knew not whom."
3£∫Jane Eyre
Bronte's revolutionary 1847 Gothic romance about a young woman seeking a richer and more 
passionate life on her own still resonates with modern readers. Bronte's novel features the 
orphan Jane Eyre's search for an identity, her powerful attraction to her master, Mr. Rochester, 
and an intimate deion of her complex moral choices and sometimes raw emotional states.
4£∫Middlemarch
A novel of great characters, it's an even greater novel of ideas and ideals. Middlemarch is the 
greatest social and psychological novel ever written in English.
5£∫Frankenstein
This pioneering work of science fiction and Gothic horror developed an indelible "monster" of 
a theme that has endured for centuries: of the scientist as a "modern Prometheus".
6£∫Mrs Dalloway
If the most precious gift of the novel as a medium is the power it has to break into the prison of 
human consciousness, to expose the gossamer weave of thought and feeling and memory that 
makes up our innermost lives, then Woolf's fourth novel stands alone at the pinnacle. Virginia 
Woolf made modernism live and breathe.